This script saves time and makes life easier if you're frequently editing
text & documents (resumes, CVs, code, scripts, etc.) in software like Word,
Notepad, VS Code, Visual Studio, etc.

It binds the Caps key as a "hypershift" to move other keys to your home row. 
Might also refer to it as function-shifting, g-shifting, etc.

The mappings are loosely based on the Nethack key config.


MAPPINGS:

A - Capslock (e.g. Caps+A toggles Capslock)

Bkspc - Delete (e.g. Caps+Backspace is the same as pressing Del key)

Arrows - Same as Nethack:
J - Left
; - Right
K - Up
L - Down

Home/End:
I - Home
O - Out

Page Up/Down - Same as Nethack:
< - Page Up
> - Page Down


NOTES:

Ctrl:
These all work with Ctrl+ as well, e.g. Caps+Ctrl+I will produce the same result as Ctrl+Home

Right-Alt:
For convenience, Right-Alt is set up as a shortcut for Ctrl when you are using Caps, e.g.:
Caps+Right-Alt+I will produce same result as Caps+Ctrl+I as in Ctrl+Home

Shift:
Not yet implemented due to issue in Keyboard library (Issue #330 on GitHub)

Main():
I believe these are only necessary if executing the script in the debugger, so the hooks 
are held open. If running from the CLI, Main() should not be required.

BACKSTORY:

I created this because I was tired of removing my hands from the home row whilst 
navigating resumes (as an agency recruiter, I navigated a _lot_ of resumes).
I originally implemented the functionality in an AHK script for Windows. I later
started using the Razer Ornata keyboard due to the supreme pleasantness of their  
membranes, and found that the Hypershift functionality in their Synapse drivers 
provides a much more seamless experience. So, that's what I recommend if you're 
working in a fixed location. However, I still use the script while working 
directly on the laptop keyboard and will get around to posting it on GitHub at
some point because I like it better.

This feature set is also very handy navigating code, which is how this script came to 
be in Python. I mentioned to a friend how much nicer it is to press CAPS+O to reach
end-of-line than it is to move a hand to arrows/end/etc. He liked the idea a lot, but 
he's not working in Windows and he's not using my brand. As a professional data scientist
at one of the world's leading megacorps, I thought I'd do him a solid and have a little 
fun re-forging it in Python.
